Hello nurse
What about Brother Li Chuan
Well, you said he went to do something and went home in a while. You, a nurse, dare to call Brother Li Chuan like that
You also deserve to be called Mr. Ji, do you know?
I am his fiancée
Both are the future young ladies of the group
You deceive people
I'm sorry
I didn't know Ming Dynasty had a fiancée
This orange is very sweet
Try it, don't use your dirty hands to get me something to eat
Who are you talking about
I'm sorry, sorry
When Brother Lin Chuan comes back, I will ask him to fire you
How do you become a nurse?
Chen Yongchun, what are you doing
Brother Ming Chuan, this nurse, he doesn't respect me at all
He also gave me something to eat with his dirty water
You don't know me, how could you know this kind of thing
Sorry scum I don't know
It's okay not to try
I didn't know you already had a fiancee
So find a fluffy for you to be with him